This data is for the LA Science Fair and hopefully for ISEF as well if we are able to qualify for this science Fair
This is taking place in the 2023-2024 season and we are trying to diagnose idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis

Project Abstract:
Pulmonary fibrosis inflicts breathlessness, coughing, and pain on its victims, yet there's no cure—only a lung transplant provides hope. 
Shockingly, research faces near-zero funding and almost no progress against this fatal adversary compared to other diseases such as 
certain types of pneumonia. It seems like there is no hope in the battle against curing this ailment. And yet, with such a deadly 
disease, It remains under-researched and has minimal funding. But what if there was a way to develop a potential cure? Imagine a 
future where there is a way to find the definitive blueprints to create a drug that can mitigate and possibly reverse the effects of 
pulmonary fibrosis. A collaboration between machine learning and complex molecular structures can bring such a future to fruition.
We planned to use natural compounds that could alleviate pulmonary fibrosis by analyzing their molecular features and using them 
to train a neural network. The neural network would then produce a compound or drug that, in theory, can mitigate the 
effects that pulmonary fibrosis has on the individual. This approach focused on regulating TGF beta signals, which are protein 
signals involved in pulmonary fibrosis. Our plans include lab research to refine this solution experiment with various supplement 
dosages and see what type of features would work best in real life. In summary, our innovative research combines machine learning 
and molecular biology to tackle pulmonary fibrosis. We hope to revolutionize treatment for this ailment and make our 
work more accessible. 

To-Do: 
    - get necessary data
    - do goofiness to model
    - install torchdrug properly
    - do more research on wanted properties from model and how to filter them out
    - make drug based off of good drug properties that we want